This most recent book of Venerable Khenpo Tsewang Dongyal Rinpoche, which was written with his
brother Kenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche, this beautiful book "The Pointing Out of the Nature of Mind
," the Dzogchen Pith Instructions of Aro Yeshe Jungne, and from this book, so many people from these
teachings obtained enlightenment from the very earliest of times.
And so Rinpoche's are making it available today that these teachings that came about in 10th
century Tibet are once again available to people and here for us as Westerners to have the
opportunity for these most precious teachings.
We bow down to you Rinpoche, we are so grateful for you and for Venerable Khenchen Palden Sherab
for bringing this forward to us. And the book is available now in our bookstore. We're the first
people to have the opportunity to have this. It just came out.
I think this is the fourth new book of this year that there are, it's been a big year. And so we
hope that if you wish to have the book signed today, Rinpoche, if you'd like to buy the book in the
books,
buy the book in the bookstore and bring it in, Rinpoche would be delighted to autograph it and
offer you blessing. So, thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's true. This is not, of course, to say that Kenji Bhaddishar
Muti and myself, we wrote, and however, many Sangha members put so much great, joyful effort to
come this book.
And then at so many purposes, really did so many works and editing and non-scraping, editing, and
then make this, because I'm so thankful, so grateful to all the Sangha members.
Today is a very special day of Thanksgiving, and I have so many, many to thank you all, really, so
many things.
And for example, this year I had this great, beautiful, my wrist and my knee, so I can stand tall
and strong on my ground, on the ground.
And so many Sangha members everywhere, in particular, the West Palm Beach Sangha members, so kind,
so supportive, so helpful.
So I thank you all, and really every support and kindness. And then as well as this booklet, this
book, I mean, it's also came up.
I'd like to thank very much to Richard, Richard Strenberg. He put so much effort, this upper
transcript by the many Sangha members.
And along with N.P. Matrapa and many other Sangha members put, and then Mark, Clinton, so I just
thank you all.
So many, and Theresa Cooper put so much also line drawings here, and all of them you will see.
And this is one of the very special teachings of the Niung Ma schools of Tibera Buddhism.
Buddhism, as the curse said, it was started around 11 or the 10th century, end of 11th century and
the beginning of 11th century.
One of the great Madoka masters in history, in Tibera, in his teachings, and then once again in 19
th century,
the master's part of Rumba, he revitalized and then he activated that,
and then K.G. Baddisharam would give these teachings.
And then my son, five years ago, or six years ago, I don't remember, and I had great opportunity,
the privilege to join with him as part of this, like, bring out this teaching at the beginning.
So I'm so grateful to every aspect, and thank you all, and thank you very much again.
Thank you.
Thank you again.
Thank you. Thank you.
Lajalu!
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this.
First, first, people, one of our song members, she did this.
So this is Aroishin Juni, and then this is all the, like, first students, they give the tickets,
and that means students.
So those are kind of illustrations, and there's also beautiful illustrations of that, his life
story, so that kind of how he came to the world, and the kind of those things here inside.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
So please, if you'd like to bring your book forward, we'll be sharing.